feat: Improve FastAPI agentic template (#447)
run-llama/create-llama: .changeset/moody-mangos-punch.md

---
"create-llama": patch
---

> Improve system prompt and change agentic default tool to weather

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Show streaming errors in Python, optimize system prompts for tool usage and set the weather tool as default for the Agentic RAG use case
```
